Okay, so let's talk first about crafted, okay?
So I want you to prepare a better version of the dashboard
because I need to do a daily check of what's going on in crafted, when I'm not there.
You got the Ingridian quantity information from the Varista side and from the kitchen side.
I want that you analyze them again.
You take them as a reference.
You add them in the dashboard, in crafted, as a reference for what we need to see on a daily basis.
Okay?
So add this in the dashboard of crafted as a reference of a food cost and beverage cost.
Secondly, you need to make a daily report about the revenue,
the expenses that you can see from the access of the Google Drive
and the pretty cash report of a daily basis.
At the same time, in MonkaPoss, you cannot check from the 21st of February until today
but I send you already the picture of the total revenue
and you now, based on that, based on the information that you can get on a daily basis from Monka
to when you do the chrono check daily, you can add that revenue from those pictures, right?
And so we know.
And what I want to see now after you update all of this,
you do like an extra chrono check right now for me
and I want to see the updates in the dashboard.
I want to see when I go in crafted, I want to see
total revenue of the month from 21st of February until 7th of March, right?
Total expenses from the 21st of February until 7th of March.
Pretty cash balance.
And daily, report tomorrow about what crafted earned today
and what crafted have expensive today.
So every day, the total revenue and the total expenses
is going to be updated into your dashboard, right?
So I need to see and it has to be updated at the date of 7th of March,
updated at the date of 8th March, 9th March, etc.
Based on that, you will see the food cost,
and you can give like a little not to sell that.
What is the food cost from the beginning of the month until now?
And then on the last day of the month, I will give you the stock of the food cost
and the stock of the beverage cost.
So with that, we're going to have a full picture, why?
Because the food cost expenses of the month will be taught.
The stock will be taught based on the ingredient quantity reference.
We can cross-check and we can see if everything is in line.
